Post Title: Tesla’s Earning Reports are Useless
Post Text: With the current political and regulatory environment, it’s becoming clear that Elon Musk and Tesla can get away with as much fraud as they want. The SEC, DOJ, and other oversight agencies have either been neutered or are unwilling to go after him in any meaningful way. The latest earnings reports? Might as well be fiction.

We’ve already seen Tesla repeatedly overpromise and underdeliver—whether it’s FSD, production numbers, or financial projections. But now, with regulators looking the other way and politicians either enabling or actively shielding Musk, there are effectively no consequences for misleading investors.

If there’s no real enforcement, what’s stopping Tesla from manipulating numbers to prop up the stock? And if investors and analysts just keep buying into the hype regardless of fundamentals, what’s the point of even pretending these earnings reports mean anything?

At this point, Tesla’s valuation has become a faith-based system rather than one grounded in financial reality. How long can this charade last?

Comments:
User_1: Missed earnings. Stock goes up. Makes sense.
User_2: Jan 31, 2025 TSLA options. 
156.48% implied volatility 🙃
User_3: Have you ever heard of Arthur Andersen? Do you know what happened to them?

Tesla's financial statements are audited by PWC, arguably the biggest and most prestigious of the Big 4 accounting firms.

I guarantee you they have heard of Arthur Andersen. And I guarantee you nobody at that company owns Tesla stock.  Or if they do, they're going to get a call from Independence very shortly. And if they own Tesla stock and work on that account, they're getting a call from HR.
User_4: Is this based on anything other than your belief they can get away with it? I mean is there any evidence they actually *are* falsifying reports?
User_5: Never trust the richest people
User_6: The report is useless because the CEO is a nazi drug addict which makes the company uninvestable either way.
User_7: It’s a fucking bubble stock.  It will crash back to earth soon.
User_8: Aged like fine wine.

Props lol.
User_9: There was an attempt to talk opinion politics
User_10: I think Tesla is for the bad ride, because of Elons silly decision to go into politics. Now leftist don’t want it because Musk bad, and Right don’t like it because EV and green energy is also bad. Europeans will have less interest, because bad Murican/Musk, so sales should go down over upcoming years
User_11: Bro, Tesla sells less and less car, and Trump allows people to buy what they want as car.
User_12: Do you have evidence of fraud?
User_13: This isn't a circle jerk sub, just so you know.
User_14: lol.....love it. so angry. bear tears are the best tears
User_15: Fraud? You better prove that PwC is conducting fraudulent auditing
User_16: Market valuations are all about the future prospects of a company. Put your feelings aside about the Nazi CEO. Realize it’s 2025 and Tesla is one of the biggest electric car and alternative energy companies in the world and that’s why people are investing in it. I personally don’t give a shit about Musk’s opinions any more than Tim Cook’s but I’m invested in both companies.
User_17: Buy TSLA then and hold 4 years
User_18: What fraud?
User_19: Zero evidence of any fraud. More anti-musk nonsense. You guys do know this will get tiring fast right?
User_20: Agree, MusKKK makes the CFO lie. This is worse than Enron.
User_21: OP's logic is that Tesla is lying like Enron was...

What a dip shit
User_22: Fraud generates alpha. There is no reason to be a legit company or business or individual in this new era. 

You play by the rules you lose.
User_23: I was NEVER big on Tesla stock.   I'm a technical investor and reports earnings almost mean nothing as INVESTORS DUMP the stock before the REPORTED EARNINGS and sometimes AFTER.   Too many companies are trying to DEVELOP these automated cars or trucks.   USED CARS are selling today - I have made money in CARVANA in the last year.    However, with tariffs, selling of cars is going to be ROUGH, but if you bet on the MINING and METAL industries you should see some profits coming in less 3 years.
User_24: Isn’t that true with every big company right now
    Reply: Pirating_Ninja: Missed earnings. Stock goes up. Makes sense.
    Reply: rcbjfdhjjhfd: Jan 31, 2025 TSLA options. 
156.48% implied volatility 🙃
    Reply: baldwalrus: Have you ever heard of Arthur Andersen? Do you know what happened to them?

Tesla's financial statements are audited by PWC, arguably the biggest and most prestigious of the Big 4 accounting firms.

I guarantee you they have heard of Arthur Andersen. And I guarantee you nobody at that company owns Tesla stock.  Or if they do, they're going to get a call from Independence very shortly. And if they own Tesla stock and work on that account, they're getting a call from HR.
    Reply: BuzLightbeerOfBarCmd: Is this based on anything other than your belief they can get away with it? I mean is there any evidence they actually *are* falsifying reports?
    Reply: Aggravating_Fee7018: Never trust the richest people
    Reply: Rekeke101: The report is useless because the CEO is a nazi drug addict which makes the company uninvestable either way.
    Reply: Ytrewq9000: It’s a fucking bubble stock.  It will crash back to earth soon.
    Reply: kingdylan20: Aged like fine wine.

Props lol.
    Reply: Redbirds1941: There was an attempt to talk opinion politics
    Reply: Mario-X777: I think Tesla is for the bad ride, because of Elons silly decision to go into politics. Now leftist don’t want it because Musk bad, and Right don’t like it because EV and green energy is also bad. Europeans will have less interest, because bad Murican/Musk, so sales should go down over upcoming years
    Reply: DoublePatouain: Bro, Tesla sells less and less car, and Trump allows people to buy what they want as car.
    Reply: drewk0111: Do you have evidence of fraud?
    Reply: Ancient_Persimmon: This isn't a circle jerk sub, just so you know.
    Reply: ProofByVerbosity: lol.....love it. so angry. bear tears are the best tears
    Reply: Lovevas: Fraud? You better prove that PwC is conducting fraudulent auditing
    Reply: -krishnamurti-: Market valuations are all about the future prospects of a company. Put your feelings aside about the Nazi CEO. Realize it’s 2025 and Tesla is one of the biggest electric car and alternative energy companies in the world and that’s why people are investing in it. I personally don’t give a shit about Musk’s opinions any more than Tim Cook’s but I’m invested in both companies.
    Reply: Overtons_Window: Buy TSLA then and hold 4 years
    Reply: MattKozFF: What fraud?
    Reply: JudgmentMajestic2671: Zero evidence of any fraud. More anti-musk nonsense. You guys do know this will get tiring fast right?
    Reply: Fadamsmithflyertalk: Agree, MusKKK makes the CFO lie. This is worse than Enron.
    Reply: meepstone: OP's logic is that Tesla is lying like Enron was...

What a dip shit
    Reply: clearside: Fraud generates alpha. There is no reason to be a legit company or business or individual in this new era. 

You play by the rules you lose.
    Reply: Stock-Devil-2025: I was NEVER big on Tesla stock.   I'm a technical investor and reports earnings almost mean nothing as INVESTORS DUMP the stock before the REPORTED EARNINGS and sometimes AFTER.   Too many companies are trying to DEVELOP these automated cars or trucks.   USED CARS are selling today - I have made money in CARVANA in the last year.    However, with tariffs, selling of cars is going to be ROUGH, but if you bet on the MINING and METAL industries you should see some profits coming in less 3 years.
    Reply: Huskergambler: Isn’t that true with every big company right now
        Reply: the82ndbuttmunch: Bro, don't you understand the stock market? *It was already priced in* 🤣
        Reply: FCUK12345678: This is great for a stradle
        Reply: Big-Today6819: You have too high opinion about them, but you are right about they will jump ship before it's too late, if required.
        Reply: drewk0111: Is it not obvious to you that the auditor of a public company cannot own the stock?
        Reply: ColbusMaximus: No one's ever heard of Arthur Andersen but Everyone knows who Elon Musk is.
        Reply: Aprice40: Just read that they reported 600m of unrealized bitcoin gains as profit. Not sure if that is legal, but at minimum it's shady af.
        Reply: Pathogenesls: There has been serious smoke for years about their reports.

They are misleading at best, fraudulent at worst. There's no way to know for sure.

They've certainly made fraudulent statements as a company, in particular, Elon has done so dozens of times. It doesn't seem far-fetched to imagine that might extend to financial reporting.
        Reply: Tandittor: Also, never trust the poorest people.
        Reply: Andrew_Higginbottom: Still running with the Nazi salute gas lighting?
        Reply: Aprice40: Or you invest both sides and profit on the volatility
        Reply: bate_Vladi_1904: It's already toxic pariah brand in Europe - i would assume about 50% drop of European sales in 2025. In Germany it's already 40% down, while EVs of Audi, Skoda and VW go up.
        Reply: TheGl0be2020: Where is my Roadster?
Edit: typo
        Reply: SeenAFewCycles: Funding secured
        Reply: Overtons_Window: It's called frauditing. Get it right!
        Reply: bate_Vladi_1904: And about the future prospects  - to whom he's going to sell the cars? 
The market share In China is declining slowly, but constantly; it's gonna be huge drop in Europe (already happening, and 2025 will be much worse for Tesla)...then US left - i don't think dems would make a queue of orders; MAGAts?
And without the cars the rest looks very fragile to crumble (e.g  FSD, taxis if ever happen)
        Reply: SkyPleasant5707: THANK YOU FOR your INPUT BooMER
            Reply: Excellent_Ability793: How would you execute the straddle?
            Reply: Lingotes: I’m more worried about the enormous pressure auditors will face now especially from Tesla. Would you be willing to risk it over a qualification or adverse note in the financials? My company is small compared to Tesla but I know we fight tooth and nail to come out clean. I have seen some questionable things go through… revenue recognition, undisclosed liabilities, lack of contingent reserves… sometimes I even agree with the auditors and suggest revising, but even then sometimes it comes out clean for reasons unknown. I trust PwC still, but I don’t trust Tesla.
            Reply: Lovevas: You have no idea how auditing works. And how auditing firms limits how auditor can own their clients stocks
            Reply: Loopgod-: Unrealized crypto gains lmao
            Reply: thishitisgettingold: It's due to new rule 6 took effect January 1st 2025.
            Reply: drewk0111: I have a feeling you don’t have evidence of fraud
            Reply: Tandittor: That went to court and the jury gave Elon the win. You want to blame the jury?
            Reply: Lovevas: If you have any evidence of PwC doing fraud, feel free to report to SEC and FASB.
                Reply: MrFlowerfart: Buy a Dell, and then go for the STRAtosphere
                Reply: drewk0111: I am a big 4 auditor. Dumbass
                Reply: DankesObamapart2: FSD when?
                Reply: Overtons_Window: Itsajoke.jpeg
                    Reply: Lovevas: Then I don't think you are qualified when you are asking such compliance questions. You should go back to do your compliance training
                    Reply: drewk0111: I used fsd this morning
                        Reply: mukavastinumb: *Elon wants to know your location!*
                            Reply: drewk0111: On the beach, thanks to Elon 🤑💰💰💰
                                Reply: mukavastinumb: Cybertruck probably got stuck in sand…
                                    Reply: drewk0111: Lol
