Post Title: Yann LeCun... Professor at NYU. Chief AI Scientist at Meta... "The market reactions to DeepSeek are woefully unjustified"
Post Text: 

Comments:
User_1: Chief AI Scientist at Meta wouldn’t be biased
User_2: That last sentence is the key thing that's been largely ignored for most of the first trillion dollars thrown at AI, it's only recently that people are starting to wonder if users will actually pay enough to get an ROI.  Ad revenue alone is not likely to be enough to fund queries the way Google Search is funded because execution cost is 10x-100x higher.
User_3: localized AI
User_4: It seems most people don't actually understand the stock they buy, and then sell when they feel threatened.
User_5: He's not wrong. DeepSeek just showed the world how great NVDA chips work and that you can get even more out of them.
User_6: I mean, he's totally right.. I don't know too much about stocks (hence my presence in this sub), but I do know that DeepSeek is using knowledge distillation methods to create smaller, but equivalent performance models from larger foundational models we all know like ChatGPT, Claude, etc. In other words, DeepSeek can only be as strong as the current best model and will never be better.
User_7: He called out Space Karen on his BS, so I tend to believe him.
User_8: In other words, buy the dip?
User_9: Lol it was just a cover story, never believe the financial media
User_10: That’s because the market wasn’t reacting to deepseek, it was reacting to trump’s tarriffs on nvda, and since that wasn’t public until after the bell, the media latched onto the deepseek story to cover up the insider trading.
User_11: Google search will be dead within the decade. That means the whole search business will be migrated to these different LLM tools. The business model will largely remain as an ads based model with subscription being the alternative. Google Search Ads is a $200B per year business on its own, so the yearly revenue that all these companies are fighting for could be estimated at $250B per year in LLM. 

Then there's the video and image generation aspect of AI that still needs to be tapped into. That's previously been led by Adobe, which is roughly a $20B per year business. But with AI, this market probably becomes far larger, and might be as big as $100B at the private consumer level. At the Enterprise level, there will be enhanced options for things such as PowerPoint generation that will likely be an $60B a year market based on Microsoft Office's yearly revenue along with the smaller player's revenue. 

So if dominating a $400B per year market is what companies are fighting over, I can see why the expenditure would be justified. And with advanced robotics and research applications for institutions and enterprises, the whole AI market reaches several trillions per year.
User_12: STFU. What is unjustified if the fucking cuck factory of AI shills and Companies convincing us we need every resource known to man kind to replace humans with AI. WAKE THE FUCK UP.
User_13: r/noshitsherlock
User_14: Sometimes, I am shocked at how the smartest people in the world have no clue how the stock market works.
But then again, he's probably just whining because most of his salary is in meta stock.
User_15: “This is a good time to remind all investors that the stock market is really just a manic crowd. The truth of the matter is crowds react and do not think. In fact, the bigger the crowd, the lower the IQ. So during Monday’s selloff, the stock market’s violent reaction was particularly stupid, since investors were reacting with vigor and not thinking with equal vigor”. -market watch. 


Even the article writers are calling retail investors dumb.
User_16: Everything is bias in stocks. Everything moves together with events like these. Please explain to me how coca cola value is affected by any AI news.
User_17: Neither are the market prices before though.
User_18: Yann LeCope strikes again
User_19: This guy has been wrong so many times and yet he still opens his mouth
User_20: meta is a joke
User_21: This just in! Local deer says hunting deer is woefully unjustified
User_22: Nah, what's been done now is China AI corps have demonstrated that these AI platforms and algos can be created for much less, and don't need the massive, bloated trillion dollar investment these big tech companies and Oligarchs are demanding, dispelling the myth that these corps need trillions in investor dollars. 		

What's going to happen is much much less expensive versions are going to come out from US competitors, and they're going to undercut big tech. Smaller tech shops are going to be nipping at the heels of big tech soon. 		

Big tech is screwed.
User_23: Mr. Market being Mr. Market
User_24: Its amazing that the Chinese were able to land a serious blow to the stock market with a simple head fake.  He is saying that the real promise of AI is in its ability to solve problems and add to productivity and he is spot on.  That's where the real money is being invested.  The Chinese must be having some party on this win.
    Reply: _khanrad: Chief AI Scientist at Meta wouldn’t be biased
    Reply: Worf_Of_Wall_St: That last sentence is the key thing that's been largely ignored for most of the first trillion dollars thrown at AI, it's only recently that people are starting to wonder if users will actually pay enough to get an ROI.  Ad revenue alone is not likely to be enough to fund queries the way Google Search is funded because execution cost is 10x-100x higher.
    Reply: WeAreSven: localized AI
    Reply: 5365616E48: It seems most people don't actually understand the stock they buy, and then sell when they feel threatened.
    Reply: JellyfishQuiet7944: He's not wrong. DeepSeek just showed the world how great NVDA chips work and that you can get even more out of them.
    Reply: __Eudaimonia__: I mean, he's totally right.. I don't know too much about stocks (hence my presence in this sub), but I do know that DeepSeek is using knowledge distillation methods to create smaller, but equivalent performance models from larger foundational models we all know like ChatGPT, Claude, etc. In other words, DeepSeek can only be as strong as the current best model and will never be better.
    Reply: BankheadUser: He called out Space Karen on his BS, so I tend to believe him.
    Reply: cooldaniel6: In other words, buy the dip?
    Reply: wolf_of_mainst99: Lol it was just a cover story, never believe the financial media
    Reply: stilloriginal: That’s because the market wasn’t reacting to deepseek, it was reacting to trump’s tarriffs on nvda, and since that wasn’t public until after the bell, the media latched onto the deepseek story to cover up the insider trading.
    Reply: whoppermaltmilkballs: Google search will be dead within the decade. That means the whole search business will be migrated to these different LLM tools. The business model will largely remain as an ads based model with subscription being the alternative. Google Search Ads is a $200B per year business on its own, so the yearly revenue that all these companies are fighting for could be estimated at $250B per year in LLM. 

Then there's the video and image generation aspect of AI that still needs to be tapped into. That's previously been led by Adobe, which is roughly a $20B per year business. But with AI, this market probably becomes far larger, and might be as big as $100B at the private consumer level. At the Enterprise level, there will be enhanced options for things such as PowerPoint generation that will likely be an $60B a year market based on Microsoft Office's yearly revenue along with the smaller player's revenue. 

So if dominating a $400B per year market is what companies are fighting over, I can see why the expenditure would be justified. And with advanced robotics and research applications for institutions and enterprises, the whole AI market reaches several trillions per year.
    Reply: NormalNature6969: STFU. What is unjustified if the fucking cuck factory of AI shills and Companies convincing us we need every resource known to man kind to replace humans with AI. WAKE THE FUCK UP.
    Reply: Trueslyforaniceguy: r/noshitsherlock
    Reply: gororuns: Sometimes, I am shocked at how the smartest people in the world have no clue how the stock market works.
But then again, he's probably just whining because most of his salary is in meta stock.
    Reply: Vazhox: “This is a good time to remind all investors that the stock market is really just a manic crowd. The truth of the matter is crowds react and do not think. In fact, the bigger the crowd, the lower the IQ. So during Monday’s selloff, the stock market’s violent reaction was particularly stupid, since investors were reacting with vigor and not thinking with equal vigor”. -market watch. 


Even the article writers are calling retail investors dumb.
    Reply: Koen1999: Everything is bias in stocks. Everything moves together with events like these. Please explain to me how coca cola value is affected by any AI news.
    Reply: jahwls: Neither are the market prices before though.
    Reply: International-Gear25: Yann LeCope strikes again
    Reply: Proof-Necessary-5201: This guy has been wrong so many times and yet he still opens his mouth
    Reply: ascourgeofgod: meta is a joke
    Reply: FUBOSOFI: This just in! Local deer says hunting deer is woefully unjustified
    Reply: jarena009: Nah, what's been done now is China AI corps have demonstrated that these AI platforms and algos can be created for much less, and don't need the massive, bloated trillion dollar investment these big tech companies and Oligarchs are demanding, dispelling the myth that these corps need trillions in investor dollars. 		

What's going to happen is much much less expensive versions are going to come out from US competitors, and they're going to undercut big tech. Smaller tech shops are going to be nipping at the heels of big tech soon. 		

Big tech is screwed.
    Reply: Hutwe: Mr. Market being Mr. Market
    Reply: KrankyKoot: Its amazing that the Chinese were able to land a serious blow to the stock market with a simple head fake.  He is saying that the real promise of AI is in its ability to solve problems and add to productivity and he is spot on.  That's where the real money is being invested.  The Chinese must be having some party on this win.
        Reply: pdbstnoe: For sure, but I mean outside of him saying it’s unjustified, the other parts are a pretty objective take, no?
        Reply: WillZer: That doesn't make him unqualified. His research before joining Meta defined a lot of the AI space right now
        Reply: Far-Fennel-3032: Sure but Meta should be biased towards this reducing the overall costs of running AI systems going forward by a significant degree. As it should ultimately mean Meta is able to deploy and train AI significantly cheaper then predicted. Meta is still gonna charge as much money as the market will accept so this will just mean Meta will be more profitable or able to make bigger more useful models going forwards.
        Reply: westcoastlink: Our llama model is clearly superior, don't fall for their Chinese propaganda /s
        Reply: AlfalfaGlitter: Probably I'm understanding it wrong. 

But releasing an AI model that many corps and probably people will be able to run in their house should boost the sales of hardware. You know, so they buy machines to run AI.
        Reply: FUBOSOFI: They all know this is a waste of time. They’ll drop these fat bags on retail soon enough
        Reply: nyc_nudist_bwc: Well said
        Reply: parpels: 600 billion dollar drop isn't "most people" who don't understand what they are buying. This is institutional big money with the deepest understanding of the space they are investing in that have sold.
        Reply: ImNotSelling: Especially nvda. When my sister bought nvda I knew it was a red flag lol
        Reply: YouDontSeemRight: It was AI accelerating AI... Not really sure why the market freeked out.
        Reply: TheComradeCommissar: I hope that you are wrong, and that this is not a cover story for insider info from the Trump administration related to ROC tariffs.
        Reply: bmrhampton: At least believe the money flows as retail bought the dip. Who’s normally wrong
        Reply: jbuk1: I don't know why this isn't obvious to more people.
        Reply: jbuk1: Yes apparently the market doesn't care about tariffs on Taiwan and TSMC who make the chips for Nvidia and others.
        Reply: Longjumping_Trade167: But meta stock hit all time high after the news
        Reply: Then-Simple-9788: Yup, specialized models for specific purposes that won't need as large of a dataset or client base.
        Reply: YouDontSeemRight: Riiiiight.... It still cost 100 million and a 200 person team of engineers lol
        Reply: only_fun_topics: Yeah, I think the real story here is that the market is tetchy AF right now, especially with Trump’s “flood the field” approach causing so much noise.
            Reply: GameOfThrownaws: I mean even the market said that the market's reaction was unjustified lol.  Indexes almost instantly climbed back to where they were prior to the news, nvda recovered like half of it, and Meta is just generally up.
            Reply: me_ir: Why would you want to run it at home if you can run it on cloud?
            Reply: IfailAtSchool: While they have access to information that we don't it doesn't make them smart exactly.
            Reply: YouDontSeemRight: Bahaha no... First, it's not 600 Billion was removed. It was the price pressure allowed it to drop by 600 billion. Secondly, the people who actually know understand that the 5.5 million wasn't to create R1. It was a cost of a single post training run, of which, deepseek would have run numerous times to get it right and the training for the base model required magnitudes more training.
            Reply: digking: There is a news about Trump going to impose tarrif on imported semi-conductor chips, including those from TSMC.
            Reply: 5365616E48: Chine releases a chatbot. All stocks related to AI drop. AI stocks that are not LLMs shouldn't be affected by this.
            Reply: wolf_of_mainst99: No, it's not the trump administration, Trump's wealth is in DJT and TRUMP coin. Both of which have done very well recently.
            Reply: stilloriginal: You underestimate how open of a mind you have to be to see things like this.  It's the kind of thing that makes guys like Burry 2 years early to a trade because people just believe the narrative.
            Reply: stilloriginal: or 3 million people being offered to stop working
