Post Title: Can anyone offer up any advice on my next move?
Post Text: 

Comments:
User_1: No information given here. How can you get advice when you offer nothing else about your situation, expectations, goals, risk level, etc? Do you want to put all on-hand cash in this account into different stocks? Do you want to stay safe with ETFs? Any sectors you prefer not to invest in?

Asking for advice while you give no background but a screenshot of your AAPL and COKE positions...not sure what you're asking.

Buy the S&P, I guess.
User_2: It really depends on how much time you have and how risky you’re willing to be. The simplest answer no matter where you are is VOO and wait.
User_3: Track stock prices for companies/industries you like and have knowledge. When everyone is panic selling, see that as a buying opportunity. You have a large portion in cash. Use a % of your cash to buy dips. If it keeps going down, buy more. Do this for fundamentally stale stocks.
User_4: According to some of your responses, you do not mind risk tolerance, and you want to profit big.  If that's the case, do some options. Buy some calls in some tech stocks.  Just be prepared to lose it all if you do not know what you are doing!
User_5: Practice backflips
User_6: Just a safe boring ETF.
User_7: WAFFLES! TASTY WAFFLES!
User_8: Eat a burrito
User_9: Go ride your bicycle
User_10: Watch a nice movie
User_11: Would need to know what you are in now
User_12: Sorry for the late context but i have till may to make as much profit i can. I just want to get as much money and do as much as i can to make the most money whether risky or not i dont mind. I dont have any prefered section to invest in but my goal is to make as much money as possible, what stocks do u recomment that are very volitle and make alot of profit?.
    Reply: LonelyRole8342: No information given here. How can you get advice when you offer nothing else about your situation, expectations, goals, risk level, etc? Do you want to put all on-hand cash in this account into different stocks? Do you want to stay safe with ETFs? Any sectors you prefer not to invest in?

Asking for advice while you give no background but a screenshot of your AAPL and COKE positions...not sure what you're asking.

Buy the S&P, I guess.
    Reply: Unlikely_Barber5844: It really depends on how much time you have and how risky you’re willing to be. The simplest answer no matter where you are is VOO and wait.
    Reply: damnvram: Track stock prices for companies/industries you like and have knowledge. When everyone is panic selling, see that as a buying opportunity. You have a large portion in cash. Use a % of your cash to buy dips. If it keeps going down, buy more. Do this for fundamentally stale stocks.
    Reply: Pldgofallegnce: According to some of your responses, you do not mind risk tolerance, and you want to profit big.  If that's the case, do some options. Buy some calls in some tech stocks.  Just be prepared to lose it all if you do not know what you are doing!
    Reply: DankesObamapart2: Practice backflips
    Reply: 9warbane: Just a safe boring ETF.
    Reply: SAAARGE: WAFFLES! TASTY WAFFLES!
    Reply: Status-Shock-880: Eat a burrito
    Reply: Status-Shock-880: Go ride your bicycle
    Reply: Status-Shock-880: Watch a nice movie
    Reply: Jayytimes2: Would need to know what you are in now
    Reply: Emmanuel_Uzamaki: Sorry for the late context but i have till may to make as much profit i can. I just want to get as much money and do as much as i can to make the most money whether risky or not i dont mind. I dont have any prefered section to invest in but my goal is to make as much money as possible, what stocks do u recomment that are very volitle and make alot of profit?.
        Reply: Emmanuel_Uzamaki: Sorry for the late context but i have till may to make as much profit i can. I just want to get as much money and do as much as i can to make the most money whether risky or not i dont mind. I dont have any prefered section to invest in but my goal is to make as much money as possible, what stocks do u recomment that are very volitle and make alot of profit?.
        Reply: Emmanuel_Uzamaki: Sorry for the late context but i have till may to make as much profit i can. I just want to get as much money and do as much as i can to make the most money whether risky or not i dont mind. I dont have any prefered section to invest in but my goal is to make as much money as possible, what stocks do u recomment that are very volitle and make alot of profit?.
        Reply: Emmanuel_Uzamaki: Sorry for the late context but i have till may to make as much profit i can. I just want to get as much money and do as much as i can to make the most money whether risky or not i dont mind. I dont have any prefered section to invest in but my goal is to make as much money as possible, what stocks do u recomment that are very volitle and make alot of profit?.
        Reply: Emmanuel_Uzamaki: done
        Reply: Emmanuel_Uzamaki: i’ll go for a walk
        Reply: Emmanuel_Uzamaki: done
        Reply: Unlikely_Barber5844: Looks like all coke and apple. I think the rest is just cash.
            Reply: intgmp: May? What if we have down months? You realize the market doesnt just go up and up? If yoi want steady income at zero risk, throw it in govt notes/bills like SGOV and CLIP @ 4.5%.
            Reply: Status-Shock-880: Fucking rebel
            Reply: Jayytimes2: Ah yeah I see now. I mean both solid stocks but could add some ETFs or Blue Chip
                Reply: Unlikely_Barber5844: Definitely, I wish he would have given more information at the very least age and risk preference.
                    Reply: Emmanuel_Uzamaki: Sorry for the late context but i have till may to make as much profit i can. I just want to get as much money and do as much as i can to make the most money whether risky or not i dont mind. I dont have any prefered section to invest in but my goal is to make as much money as possible, what stocks do u recomment that are very volitle and make alot of profit?.
