Post Title: This is how crazy the market bought the QQQ dip. Biggest 1D inflow since 2021. Thoughts?
Post Text: 

Comments:
User_1: Just about every day, especially on Reddit, is a story about something to destroy the market.  In 4 years, you can probably read over 1,000 doomsday threats for the market alone.

And yet, in my whole life, only 3 or 4 things have really changed my American life.  9/11, 2008, covid… that’s probably it.  All the other stories, all the other headlines, all the other theories have been lost to time.  There’s been down turns and slower years but ya know, that’s just regular life stuff.

My point is that you should buy the dip.  After all, every dip that has ever existed thus far has been overcome since we’re close to all time highs.
User_2: They bought the blip.

Not saying it was a bad move, but would anyone here bet me right now that the price of QQQ will not go below what it was on Monday in the next 3 months? Probably not.
User_3: Extreme greed in markets
User_4: How can we have the biggest INFLOWS on a DOWN DAY?

The answer is because the buying of QQQ does not affect the price of the NAS 100 companies
User_5: Smart
User_6: Nope
User_7: They sold value stocks to pump up techs
User_8: So dump money is not that dumb.
User_9: Was doing the exact same thing. 😂 
Weak form EMH
User_10: Define inflow
User_11: Talk about dips in stock prices...when did Carvana get to a Price Earnings ratio of 26,005?!?   That's JUST CRAZY!   Never seen anything like that!     The stock is up over 439% from 1 year ago!    Wow!
User_12: Getting a good signal is extremely hard. But to be honest institutional investors are again underinvested.
S&P made a big and I mean big buy signal Jan 13 and we only retested the breakout successfully yesterday.
The way to 6450 is clear now.
User_13: Pretender smart guys think the stock market is overvalued and it should tank 50% so they can invest in it "Risk free"

Actual smart guys don't give a fuck about the short term noise and buy long term positions on discounted stocks/indexes.
User_14: Now do this for 2008 and 2001 and 1987.
User_15: For every seller, there is a buyer. Biggest 1d inflow also = Biggest 1d outflow.
    Reply: RddtAcct707: Just about every day, especially on Reddit, is a story about something to destroy the market.  In 4 years, you can probably read over 1,000 doomsday threats for the market alone.

And yet, in my whole life, only 3 or 4 things have really changed my American life.  9/11, 2008, covid… that’s probably it.  All the other stories, all the other headlines, all the other theories have been lost to time.  There’s been down turns and slower years but ya know, that’s just regular life stuff.

My point is that you should buy the dip.  After all, every dip that has ever existed thus far has been overcome since we’re close to all time highs.
    Reply: KopOut: They bought the blip.

Not saying it was a bad move, but would anyone here bet me right now that the price of QQQ will not go below what it was on Monday in the next 3 months? Probably not.
    Reply: Leather_Floor8725: Extreme greed in markets
    Reply: careyectr: How can we have the biggest INFLOWS on a DOWN DAY?

The answer is because the buying of QQQ does not affect the price of the NAS 100 companies
    Reply: jer72981m: Smart
    Reply: DankesObamapart2: Nope
    Reply: me_xman: They sold value stocks to pump up techs
    Reply: CertifiedDruid333: So dump money is not that dumb.
    Reply: drpacket: Was doing the exact same thing. 😂 
Weak form EMH
    Reply: careyectr: Define inflow
    Reply: Stock-Devil-2025: Talk about dips in stock prices...when did Carvana get to a Price Earnings ratio of 26,005?!?   That's JUST CRAZY!   Never seen anything like that!     The stock is up over 439% from 1 year ago!    Wow!
    Reply: Chart-trader: Getting a good signal is extremely hard. But to be honest institutional investors are again underinvested.
S&P made a big and I mean big buy signal Jan 13 and we only retested the breakout successfully yesterday.
The way to 6450 is clear now.
    Reply: No-Calligrapher-3513: Pretender smart guys think the stock market is overvalued and it should tank 50% so they can invest in it "Risk free"

Actual smart guys don't give a fuck about the short term noise and buy long term positions on discounted stocks/indexes.
    Reply: Dry_Personality8792: Now do this for 2008 and 2001 and 1987.
    Reply: OmmmShantiOm: For every seller, there is a buyer. Biggest 1d inflow also = Biggest 1d outflow.
        Reply: stilloriginal: It was 1 red day removed from all time highs and people saw it as a generational buying opportunity before the bell even rang
        Reply: Evenly_Matched: Just because there’s a dip doesn’t mean it’s good to buy. It’s smart to assess the market.
        Reply: pamar456: Every day on r/economiccollapse captures the current doomsday sentiment at any given moment. Also doomsday clock got put to 84 seconds whatever the fuck that means. 

But yeah I remember around 2012 with Romney I thought we were going into ww3 with Russia and the world was going to end. In reality nothing ever happens
        Reply: drpacket: Just thinking… in the 2007/2008 subprime  loan triggered financial crisis - was there Reddit around already? How did that go over?
        Reply: Holiday_Phase_9985: 4 years? I bet there’s been more than 1000 doomsday threats on Reddit since 2025 started
        Reply: Relative_Web2226: You're naive and confused. Buying th dip is different from dca
        Reply: RddtAcct707: February is historically a bad month for the general market
        Reply: Dry_Personality8792: is that the funniest thing you have read. The market was down a few percentage points because there were more buyers than sellers....lmao.
        Reply: VladStopStalking: I'm not saying that's what happened but do you believe that's impossible?

If the selling happens when there is not much liquidity on the bid-side of the order book, then the price crashes a lot.

If the buying happens when there is a lot of liquidity on the ask side and there's a huge sell wall above the current price, the price doesn't budge, even if the buying is 5x more volume.

The opposite is also possible.
        Reply: CertifiedDruid333: Sellers sell more than buyers buys ?
        Reply: banditcleaner2: Because sellers can’t sell unless someone is buying.
        Reply: Antennangry: Depends strongly on earnings. Retail is pricing in a lot of growth for which the fundamentals aren’t clear. Unless Mag 7 earnings are a smash, there’s still quite a bit of down side potential, especially considering the consumer credit situation among the top quartile (see: retail asset owners).

https://www.nbcnews.com/business/personal-finance/higher-income-american-consumers-are-showing-signs-stress-rcna189496
        Reply: Evenly_Matched: They bought the hell outta that dead cat bounce.
        Reply: a_trane13: No, that’s not what inflow/outflow means in equities. If it did, this chart would simply show 0 every single day.
            Reply: 95Daphne: Yeah, I had folks trying to poke fun at me earlier today, but this is not a good situation if you're bullish tech stocks.

I was saying that continuation would likely need to be aided by tech quite a bit since you have too many bulls on the idea of breadth broadening, but now I'm not sure. I don't think this necessarily is the "one" for NVDA, but I can see a best case world where the Nasdaq gains just 8ish% with NVDA disappointing gains wise this year and you see the Dow/RSP gain 15%ish or so, sort of like 2016.

I'm skeptical still there.
            Reply: Traditional_Ad_2348: Yes, that is what’s concerning to as well. I really don’t like how everyone and their mom wants to invest in AI, tech, and infrastructure build out, yet they sat on their hands the last two years when that was clearly one of the only trades that was  working in that stretch. Everything seems very toppy and I am usually way more bullish than my peers.
            Reply: Khelthuzaad: Unless it's about an world ETF thou

It got back green the next day
            Reply: 14mmwrench: Holy shit, that sub is a cess pool of liberal doom porn. 


I was expecting normal doom porn.
            Reply: RddtAcct707: I wasn’t here but now that you mention, I’m surprised the app or any of its users made it through.
            Reply: RddtAcct707: I didn’t use the term dca at all

You can dca and still keep a smaller strategic cash reserve to move in on rare buying opportunities
            Reply: careyectr: Inflows + Outflows = Volume?

I believe the point here is that volume was huge.

Every buyer (inflow) has a seller (outflow) but at a lower price

The question really becomes is the volume due to traders or investors, which would affect the near term trend if it’s investors, but not necessarily if it’s traders
            Reply: careyectr: Arbitrage Keeps QQQ’s Price in Line:

While people do buy and sell QQQ itself, the price remains tethered to the “fair value” of its underlying basket of stocks via the creation/redemption mechanism (where institutional “authorized participants” can create or redeem shares to arbitrage away premiums or discounts).

Inflows/outflows alone don’t necessarily push QQQ’s price higher or lower; it’s the movement of the stocks in its portfolio that dictates the ETF’s fair value.
            Reply: careyectr: True, however…

A Key Extra Layer: ETF Arbitrage

While the order-book dynamics apply to QQQ just as they do to any stock, there’s an additional stabilizing force for ETFs:

1.	Creation/Redemption:

If QQQ’s price falls too far below the value of its NASDAQ-100 basket, authorized participants will jump in, buy “cheap” QQQ shares, redeem them for the underlying stocks, and then sell those stocks at a higher price. This pushes QQQ’s market price back in line.

Conversely, if QQQ trades above its fair value, participants can short QQQ, buy the underlying stocks, and create new shares. That extra supply of ETF shares brings the price back down.

2.	Result:

This mechanism typically keeps QQQ’s market price from deviating too wildly from its net asset value (NAV). The deeper and more liquid the ETF and its underlying stocks, the faster any price dislocation gets closed by arbitrage.

Bottom Line

Yes, the statements about order-book liquidity are accurate in a general sense: A market with thin liquidity on one side can see a disproportionate price move when a large order hits.

However, for a highly liquid ETF like QQQ:

Big price swings are usually tempered by (1) deep order-book liquidity (lots of buyers and sellers at multiple price levels) and (2) the creation/redemption arbitrage mechanism.

You may still see momentary “gaps” or flash moves in extreme volatility, but they are often short-lived.
            Reply: itsjawdan: That’s the sort of level of intelligence I think most of Reddit has lmao
                Reply: pamar456: It’s kinda addictive
                Reply: Relative_Web2226: Exactly my point 
                Reply: VladStopStalking: Let me make sure I understand what you're claiming.

According to you, whatever happens on the order books of an ETF is completely air gapped from whatever happens on the order books for each individual stocks?

So according to you, if Warren Buffet spent his entire $325.2 billion cash pile to buy the SPY ETF using a market order during premarket when the liquidity is low, it would have zero influence on the price of neither the SPY ETF, nor the 500 individual stocks it holds?

I think that buying $x worth of an ETF has exactly the same effect on the market as buying $x worth of all the stocks it contains, individually. And conversely.
                    Reply: 14mmwrench: It's unhealthy. Try to stop.
                    Reply: careyectr: True. The APs (authorize participants) supply the etf with the actual stocks. But these stocks can come from “supply on hand.” They don’t have to immediately purchase them.
The APs then receive newly minted ETF shares
                    Reply: careyectr: Ok I looked it up—-

If Warren Buffett (or any large investor) suddenly places a massive buy order say, $32 billion worth of QQQ the immediate market impact can be broken down into two main components:

1. Impact on QQQs Order Book (Immediate Effect)

Short-term Price Spike:

When a large buy order hits the market, it will absorb the existing shares offered for sale (the ask) in the order book. If the order is big enough and comes through quickly, it can push the market price up in the short run simply because the buyer is scooping up whatever shares are offered at successively higher prices.

Depth of Liquidity Matters:

QQQ is very liquid (tens of millions of shares trade daily), but $32 billion is still a very large sum. Even a liquid ETFs order book will experience upward price pressure if someone tries to buy a massive block all at once. For a brief period, QQQs price could spike as the order sweeps through available shares at escalating prices.

2. Arbitrage-Driven Alignment with Underlying Stocks (Slightly Longer Horizon Minutes/Hours)

Creation/Redemption Keeps Price in Check:

As soon as QQQs price moves meaningfully above the net asset value (NAV) of its underlying NASDAQ-100 stocks, institutional authorized participants (APs) can profit by:

1. Shorting QQQ at the elevated price.

2. Buying the underlying basket of NASDAQ-100 stocks at their lower aggregate price.

3. Creating new QQQ shares (they deliver that basket to the ETF issuer in exchange for newly minted shares).

4. Using those shares to close out the short position.

This process yields a near risk-free arbitrage profit for the AP and in doing so, it increases the supply of QQQ shares in the market, which in turn drives QQQs price back down toward the fair value implied by the underlying stocks.

Knock-On Effect on the Underlying Stocks:

To complete creation, APs need to buy the NASDAQ-100 shares. Depending on how the APs are positioned (whether they already hold some inventory or must purchase everything fresh in the open market), some buying pressure can spill over to the underlying stocks.

However, the NASDAQ-100 is massive (think Apple, Microsoft, Amazon), and a large chunk of $32 billion might be absorbed without huge price distortions especially if the buying is spread over time or if APs source shares from multiple channels.

Net Result:

QQQs Price: Tends to settle back near fair value (its NAV).

Underlying Stocks: Might see some upward pressure, but they’re so liquid that even $32 billion (spread among many stocks) might not create a gigantic, sustained spike especially if broader market forces are at play.
